Voiceover on Safari QA testing examples
window Search this website Search text
field search.
You are heading level 1.
Search Input A search input must identify
its name and role and include a search
button.
We start by letting the screen reader
read on its own.
Then we'll start at the top manually
Search this website Search this website
search text field search Search button
visited link All components link back to
top of page.
You are currently on a link.
To click this link,
press Control option Space Voice Over off
RAW.